
User reasearch
You are being considered to work on the design before a decision is made, they would like to see your interview script/questions.
 -Fill in your interview questions on the template-slide 
 -interview questions with Major Categories and sub-Categories questions
 -prepare copies of interview script for each participant(5 participant) for taking notes/jottings
 -go and conduct interviews with variety of participant e.g women,men, doctors,bankers

1.Question about the interview subject
2.Question about what receiving donations means to them
3.Question about receiving donation


 Interview Script for parent
1.Question about the interview subject
-what is your occupation
-




2.Question about what receiving donations means to them
-do you like receiving donations
-have you receive any donations before? 
-what was the donation
-was the process to collect the donaion easy
-what easiest way do you prefer to receive the donation

-would you like something that can connect you to some donors
-how do you see people that give donation 
-would you prefer a cash or item donation why?
- 
-how would you feel if someone paid your children's school fees
-how often do you receive book donation for your children
-what challenges do you have with financing your chidren education
-what financial challenges do your children have in school
-how would you feel if someone connect you to a donor

3.Question about receiving donation
-would you like to receive donation for your children education

Questions to Elicit More Detail
Can you clarify that?
Can you give me an idea of what you mean?
What specific results are you looking for?
How did that come about?
What did that mean to you and your family?
Can you say more about that?
What is most important to you?
Are you ready to move forward?


///////////////
About the Organization
How do you feel about our organization and our work?
When did you see the organization at its best? At peak performance?
Which aspects of our programs do you believe are our greatest strengths?
Have you had an opportunity to meet with any of the people we serve? Under what circumstances? What were your impressions?
What one piece of advice would you give us as we plan for the future?

Involvement
Why did you become involved with our organization? What attracted you to us?
What would it take to get you more involved with our organization?
As you think about the most satisfying volunteer experience you have had, what was the key?
We would love for you to (insert involvement request here). Is that something you would find interesting?
Philanthropy and Giving Interests

What other organizations are you involved with? Volunteer for? On the board?
What are your top three charitable interests? Why?
What charitable gifts have given you the most satisfaction? Why?
What made it pleasurable? How did it come about? Are you still involved with them?
What factors go into your philanthropic decisions? How are decisions made at your house? Do you and your spouse make charitable decisions together?


Family and Personal Values
What family values would you like to see reflected in your family’s future giving?
Has your family done any volunteering or giving together?
Are there areas of conflict within the family that must be acknowledged when developing a giving program?
What are some of the guiding principles that have helped you achieve success in your business life? Personal life? Philanthropic life?
What is the best personal decision you’ve ever made? Why?
How do you like organizations to demonstrate their appreciation for gifts you have made?
To what extent does our mission (vision, work) dovetail with your values and beliefs? Why?

Questions to Elicit More Detail
Can you clarify that?
Can you give me an idea of what you mean?
What specific results are you looking for?
How did that come about?
What did that mean to you and your family?
Can you say more about that?
What is most important to you?
Are you ready to move forward?